who me Oh boys us boy putting my is
morning
yes please yeah again well there's
almond and white chocolate the you say
house no crispy food Thanks that is all
right if you're not I do a state I was
in
but you know this is why you don't
really make any sense of it what
yeah it seems thing about stop it if you
guys did know yes to have at least hey I
was otherwise you just stop completely
great like for episode and you try want
you try you try whipped cream triangle
strawberries right i schoolboy you try
everything but nothing happened
the only thing look at the conviction
now easy is actually hitting with a
sapling
so don't really get is the toxin behind
that like so what is nothing there's
nothing that we can get right yeah well
he's not my favorite song this manner
told them you got a sweet a born-again
all right you're right go starting us a
newcomer wasted too much I was time to
go get a move on we need to go and start
finding me the rest of the wall deal a
wet and wet it won't be final okay what
is it worked
no longer the month he doesn't did you
know right then we made the cooling work
I should get something in it and
actually now on in it drain another
button works in the sea oh yeah fix so
sorry about that too many cakes do his
he'll let this water line around
guess we can be composer Eddie speech
wow this is gonna be a ship in it we
gonna do like eggs sub Eriksen look so
funny to see the food or relaxing it's
just I wish I could to me like a perfect
time cuz it calls to me teddy
haha just spitting like dining at my
suntan
Yeah right we gotta go in a world
hunting again
so you said to me you had an idea wet
girl which is a must explore the area in
this place well I think I think we
haven't been this way this is follow me
follow me follow me follow me
Wow okay sway a little bit this way this
way like I think diagonal in that
direction I think is our least explored
explored oh yeah
it's for a song a bit louder I'm getting
far away from that song I'll get you
mixed up because I see your favorite
song and she was playing cat not ah
my favorite songs chirp you see yeah but
but you see because I was so loopy I
thought it was my favorite song that's
how loopy I was yeah yeah totally new
baby fix is good it was cat there was
still a nice song acally I want your
all right
exactly get out of here anyway look see
this way I think I know this way then
keep going like the way I'm going now we
all be headed there very much have we we
lectin that a massive thing all these
directions like a massive building Mike
there's something of letters what we do
to that side yet oh we can only cure the
big thing there's a huge tree there we
went inside the river that big red one a
storm of all the lava in and we didn't
find any wall in there and we said we've
come back to it if we can't find
anything else can come back to so we're
not going to have been to that one and
we found nothing but yeah thought we
could head in this kind of direction
yeah gene Hulk is probably in some more
wood yeah we're here I stare action
would be like favorite that way like
that that way I can see there's a big
there's a big bridge kind of that way so
and I we're not too far from the house
really we just haven't even the why not
be anything there like I have no I have
no knowledge I have no
I don't get it from somebody solid this
I'm saying I have no like specialized or
you try admit II got no knowledge doubts
the way would never happen but Malaysia
Texan just seem like or anything
obviously we both do a.m. we should do
an IQ test okay yes I need yeah it's a
ignored pencil a red brick house oh god
it looks a little bit nicer than our
house yeah no doubt
okay I'll keep digging this big bridge
straight to there yeah while I'm doing
that you can kind of explore these
little islands that are either side of
us i just--can i as we go if you want me
yeah I'm gonna go to this little I got
look at a couple so mom I let me jump
across to that little barouche shall
show the air hmm yeah good I've always
you're literally just watching me work
why I want you to do something - well
why are you at these how I work on the
eyeballs you see salsa I'm having to
blink a lot to be honest and that's
taken quite a lot manager so you know
maybe you're trying blinking a lot
it's hard to know how do I blink pretty
regularly like for a throughout the day
yeah sorry okay I don't I don't know I
don't normally consciously think about I
don't like look at my clock and opal
looks like it's time for a big Ollie
look at the blinking time like any quite
good at this I've got a technique down
away yeah thank dad down then up is the
way I do it
no for for building so we're like I
could essentially at this point just
like sellotape the controller so I'm
just I'm holding down just the the left
trigger with my right hand and the left
hand my farm is just holding it forward
so like I could be doing something like
I could be doing something else at this
point I could be blinking or like a like
it'd be great a cup of tea but it's this
makeup okay what else
that's how they shall drink a strip of
drinking tea strangling a duck and
building a little bridge in operation
please have you blacksmith is a little
stone one yeah my pickaxe is programming
pickaxe oh oh you're so upset I'm just
gonna look at you and you oh it's okay I
didn't have you I it how how Ruby she's
had the like squid girl made a stall
because it's just fun hello who I have a
diamond one there's two baby he sounds a
little Holly at home
oh maybe bring them here then we can
access cut off you're gonna be night
soon we can have ourselves a little bit
of a half if you want yeah I want to
steal the doll well now we leave your
dancers don't need them right I'm gonna
let you spruce on as well honey it's
only a quick little stone's throw away
sir alright as well might as well come
over here don't wrinkle those thanks for
ya with me I'm no I'm good I'm just
beyond building a nice passage so we can
get back up as well when we leave but
it's all the parts already for you squid
when when you're ready to come home with
bass that's right and spruce house to
see what's in here
here's a little bit there's a political
chess there is rocket gum packing up my
stuff swallows in Spore I've taken too
much stuff on the journey with me eyes
are bigger than your pockets yeah come
on up a brooder the windows of this
house value and we're out of here
through the window
dah huh what can you get a move on them
please wait there so there's behind the
house there's another really big looking
place to explore as well we don't get we
don't get lucky here either somewhere
else we can explore straightaway
afterwards all right come on rich minute
just fill this deck is up you go with me
please yes I could pay you I would try
to the end of those day
yay-hay Christ asked I'm bored I'm bored
here look at this place
oh this is nice this yummy chocolate
trees down already I see a board just
keep on deeper by selves occupied oh
yeah this is on me okay he's been waving
there for this whole time when we
arrived you like right attack he just
steps outside just burns it's like oh we
wait all this time it might be more up
so Oh upstairs
Oh promising alright you take the left
or I'll take the right one again got
wheat a map and some more gunpowder
I got iron a few sticks and some pork
chops
milla thistles here oh is it legit in
the bookcase no nothing behind the
bookcase I shouted wouldn't pick ask Wow
nice touch oh yeah I guess of mine if
you want to make your your iron pickaxe
yeah people said it will satisfy I gotta
show up
so what sadly all right balloon okay go
come downstairs yeah I think you with it
I couldn't answer completely look out
the window oh well I promise over here
we have to get smart you so I steal some
this break ah I remember your the way
you'll do just take it from the wall
they're all actually there is an attic
we could go and have a look in is
everything up here
well livers not access to it but we can
whoa craters in Yeti have you ever seen
that medically find out Awards that was
skipped there's just four just drop it's
just immediately that was is it the base
you put cobwebs in yes it is something
else I said Jim what's quite it's quite
realistic I was too chilly the other
thing we could break this be this far
away that we don't we don't ruin the
house so much Oh doesn't really matter I
guess
leave a book and put some beds down your
books up in the attic and it was bed
this bedrooms here if you wanna see it
hey god you're braver than me squid
Nagato Breaking Away 20 creepers around
like hey ah right you the sunset hobbies
are like mind a hole through the wall
that's nice I'm sure she would even call
me hey no I was gonna be playing boring
so you can so as I saw stuck in it how
do you say like all this material is
pretty much boring like don't even is
really good about it is the bookcases
yeah house guys gonna talk about bricks
squid it's great wow it's great I got
all these bricks great right haha but
does another what hey hey stop thinking
too much meeting into that way
I've just got to play to give out the
fattest bricks
oh no why
well I wonder like what's the most
boring mundane thing I could say that
you could follow with her where hey I'd
make a sound like actually like
interesting like a squid will run out of
porridge for breakfast
oh no porridge crazy days right like you
work for Kellogg's now though anyway
don't you yeah yeah yeah I actually do
know I'm a Twitter
where's Matt he's actually nice like
George I say what happened on Twitter
well I don't even know you know say he's
in Falls by a baby laugh basically and
this crunchy nut clusters like chocolate
on don't have a boxful and yeah
whistling run out and actually live
instead like best cereal ever and Linda
shoot your bucket is be like hey glad
you enjoy it blah blah blah
you walk inside hashtags sponses
squid-like for the lot and so then they
said and follows back and dreams can
come true so date and anyway it saves
your address and we'll send you some
free cereal so yeah my complicated
letter it was a knock at the door and a
guy had to be like a big box and big
sent me ten boxes of cereal of the
closest he was on his original could
come true
absolutely good to the shop right and I
could buy ten boxes of cereal and I
wouldn't be happy which because it was
free and they say event like I don't
know he's I didn't grab the machine
jokers that if you make us back it and
you spent like a 25 quid on a toy and
you can literally buy them for a quick
video on that you wanna let your wiener
you're the size faction about actually
wins it all I don't want it is I'm just
saying that I'm just selling mr.
Kellogg's if you're watching this are I
mentioned I mentioned cornflake if you
want to send me any cereal bars
dispositive beyond the box in the
morning yeah you don't want those like
golden nuggets for like golden squid not
even Cannavino that will go to toy be
okay party has something hi oh yeah
we're behind
I can be a spoon in the shape of my
mouth so I can laugh at you like way
like scooping the cereal terrifying
haha there's done yes hey clusters okay
yeah the possibilities are endless
but yeah that was a good dear old house
it wasn't very good day I was a pretty
good though because I wanted them to
send me like a customizable spoon like
it on the box
they said customize your own screws I
thought who's gonna put like swing them
you're like all the spoons that they
give me a spoon but are we doing really
because then they send me signals right
anyway okay so let's take this amazed we
need to break through squid
shows they all about we just mobile why
we just punt all sure which we just burn
down the yeah let's display yeah oh did
you already flame and steel
I'm gonna I got me growl but she saw me
ground the same you're like we know iron
ya know and love can we use do it we
have a good part and sound okay that's
just gonna blow a little bit up I would
say okay I have glass we could build am
a big magnifying glass um and then focus
the sunrays on one leaf and but we could
just punch our way to punch it yeah yeah
cuz we're pretty gonna burn the chest
with the Worland we're now gonna use
oh well before easy nose I'm not
sure she's okay well then we can gather
up some of the leaves if we want to
build anything our leaves yeah yeah well
we could use it but I'd be small tower
do pretty much yeah I was searching me a
great day we I don't think we forgot
about that by the way we we we haven't
what was the idea again was it okay the
bed no bridge the bottom and kind of
like maybe a swimming pool
and then you like jump off and then like
jump in it something I agreed every time
yes I feel like every time we like sleep
or like start a video I like die then
we're just gonna start the top of a
really big tower because we're respawn
up there and then we can look over the
land and then we just jump off into a
pool of water and survive and now oh oh
squid squid water okay it's your voice
happened
Oh Nancy I know to tell me about it
leave all this for God this is a big
place by the way there's like another
bigger room right at Li the back of it
oh what's wrong
just about a million creepers again
Omega joking oh I'm not song after song
I'm sorry this is not a musical one of
the line singing it right that's got
time time where are you
you did a promo really I said okay I can
see what why they're all here I'm but
I'm just gonna run around and put
torches around sorry yeah we they well
there's a lot of things in here right I
just got to put these torches down other
switches and there's witches as well
please don't poison me these are all
hello Kate stop swinging
rubbing it well very good
bitch I got diamond I go diamond right
let's go today I'm going a trumpets
immortal whoa cut we can touch let's
type ma da da I'm doing it
I don't know I'm loop I'm loop I'm
looping around the back there's a whole
back area here as well I'm wrecking
around taking down torches one kitchen
oh there's a little bit of a sauce yeah
yeah I've gone around the the back and I
put torches all around there or the
handle again I'm moving away from this
guy whoa this is creepy
what is a scientific but I get born up
he says what you seek lies inside where
you sit the Moses there sees our throne
or something oh look a lot mops in here
this is beauty college let alright
watching here lay okay was it the TV
sounds a bit of TV and well you already
sit on a TV well I don't there's a couch
wiggity all in it some all is a creeper
on watch out junk junk junk junk oh okay
I just realize I don't have any armor on
apart from my boot something elbows I've
said something about we go ahead in the
chest
oh hey little 7 engines fire go yeah I
know yeah good good timing what was a
toilet here what's this what's this dude
thank you if you pop down the wall
I've known use paper to read now on the
loop not nothing you see this is where
you sit I was in front of the TV but
there's redstone me out it's like the
debates don't last it looks like it was
already looked in one room have a way we
can go in to explore the the rest of the
place well looking though your room up
say okay k-- yeah up skeletons and
creepers not good no thank you no thank
you no thank you creep
get money stash that out funny
doesn't it all ends up in yourself do
stop another washing them
yeah they don't focus on you don't know
what you sauce there's there's a bow in
that bad chest there yeah an attitude
saltness Oh guys hey go right next rooms
mob freeze just full of a mess
Hey glorious melons
well it's just been bought up the house
the same wreck soon here it's something
to do with the so far so should we just
we just dig it up we gotta get out
yeah I think just dig it up what about
this possibly Carboni there's nothing
else
yeah she got rich do you making anything
there's nothing oh it's a mystery
I said does this redstone just turn
these lights on and off or does it do
anything
because they see this redstone younger
than the other in this this big okay hop
out in the other room there see this I a
little weird trail of redstone then in
this room is a little weird trail of
redstone as well that leads to a store
Oh slot you see them yeah oh and
creepers oh yeah look I go to look at
the front door okay and without here we
have visitors at the front door squid
anything this starts a secretor ah why
is so many creepers first IRT like
Master it's really dark was just really
dark here like this
no see this spruce blocks out here as
well and then they all I reckon just
mine did would stick around the place
are you it's just so like Alison was
supposed to do with these fruits blocks
the spruce box they can retrain them oh
just my my way
yeah and I just seem weird how they're
kind of the same on different sides and
starzone
who says oh where was the stairs my
lifeboat and then there's all the most
following it all right yeah let's make a
staircase gold stairs cuz let's do it
from here
God you caught it oh I found it in chest
oh really
there's a button here there's a cold
room of a chest hidden under it
oh oh my dear I found it mean where
you sit by Sam Tyler I was a toy laughs
what is this Loudred obviously hope they
do we say in Slippery cauldrons is green
this is that's a little girl house okay
we show you up stand is well because
there might be some stuff up there got a
quick look I doubt the will man this
place is being absolutely crazy if you
want a worse place would be flat mobs
who is it to appear no supper - no more
the wheels out can we leave now
Oh a baked apple tree pit leave do not
you know there's any the Chester's place
oh this is it
I don't care I don't want to throw I
just want to go only go back home I want
to build the house we got the green wall
that's what we care our little tiny baby
zombies go go go go
Gary this spiraea Margo's right oh this
is gonna be our place for the night
water what a little adventure this is
neutral balance message we're gonna go
to pay guys are we gonna end it there
for today we are beaming we're going for
a lot today it's been it's been a bit
much yeah joy special thank you to a
Kellogg's full century with Jack cook
we're joking by the way possible
does its what's our little meat I gonna
wake up in the morning and I have a good
ol bowl of crunchy notes to celebrate
gonna good bucket hey you guys we'll see
you
Oh